Options:
    --apply-log
        Prepare a backup in BACKUP-DIR by applying the transaction log file
        named "xtrabackup_logfile" located in the same directory. Also,
        create new transaction logs. The InnoDB configuration is read from
        the file "backup-my.cnf".

    --compact
        Create a compact backup with all secondary index pages omitted. This
        option is passed directly to xtrabackup. See xtrabackup
        documentation for details.

    --compress
        This option instructs xtrabackup to compress backup copies of InnoDB
        data files. It is passed directly to the xtrabackup child process.
        Try 'xtrabackup --help' for more details.

    --compress-threads
        This option specifies the number of worker threads that will be used
        for parallel compression. It is passed directly to the xtrabackup
        child process. Try 'xtrabackup --help' for more details.

    --compress-chunk-size
        This option specifies the size of the internal working buffer for
        each compression thread, measured in bytes. It is passed directly to
        the xtrabackup child process. Try 'xtrabackup --help' for more
        details.

    --copy-back
        Copy all the files in a previously made backup from the backup
        directory to their original locations.


    --databases=LIST
        This option specifies the list of databases that innobackupex should
        back up. The option accepts a string argument or path to file that
        contains the list of databases to back up. The list is of the form
        "databasename1[.table_name1] databasename2[.table_name2] . . .". If
        this option is not specified, all databases containing MyISAM and
        InnoDB tables will be backed up. Please make sure that --databases
        contains all of the InnoDB databases and tables, so that all of the
        innodb.frm files are also backed up. In case the list is very long,
        this can be specified in a file, and the full path of the file can
        be specified instead of the list. (See option --tables-file.)

    --decompress
        Decompresses all files with the .qp extension in a backup previously
        made with the --compress option.


    --decrypt=ENCRYPTION-ALGORITHM
        Decrypts all files with the .xbcrypt extension in a backup
        previously made with --encrypt option.

    --debug-sleep-before-unlock=SECONDS
        This is a debug-only option used by the XtraBackup test suite.

    --defaults-file=[MY.CNF]
        This option specifies what file to read the default MySQL options
        from. The option accepts a string argument. It is also passed
        directly to xtrabackup's --defaults-file option. See the xtrabackup
        documentation for details.

    --defaults-group=GROUP-NAME
        This option specifies the group name in my.cnf which should be used.
        This is needed for mysqld_multi deployments.


    --defaults-extra-file=[MY.CNF]
        This option specifies what extra file to read the default MySQL
        options from before the standard defaults-file. The option accepts a
        string argument. It is also passed directly to xtrabackup's
        --defaults-extra-file option. See the xtrabackup documentation for
        details.

    --encrypt=ENCRYPTION-ALGORITHM
        This option instructs xtrabackup to encrypt backup copies of InnoDB
        data files using the algorithm specified in the
        ENCRYPTION-ALGORITHM. It is passed directly to the xtrabackup child
        process. Try 'xtrabackup --help' for more details.

    --encrypt-key=ENCRYPTION-KEY
        This option instructs xtrabackup to use the given ENCRYPTION-KEY
        when using the --encrypt or --decrypt options. During backup it is
        passed directly to the xtrabackup child process. Try 'xtrabackup
        --help' for more details.

    --encrypt-key-file=ENCRYPTION-KEY-FILE
        This option instructs xtrabackup to use the encryption key stored in
        the given ENCRYPTION-KEY-FILE when using the --encrypt or --decrypt
        options.

        Try 'xtrabackup --help' for more details.

    --encrypt-threads
        This option specifies the number of worker threads that will be used
        for parallel encryption. It is passed directly to the xtrabackup
        child process. Try 'xtrabackup --help' for more details.

    --encrypt-chunk-size
        This option specifies the size of the internal working buffer for
        each encryption thread, measured in bytes. It is passed directly to
        the xtrabackup child process. Try 'xtrabackup --help' for more
        details.


    --export
        This option is passed directly to xtrabackup's --export option. It
        enables exporting individual tables for import into another server.
        See the xtrabackup documentation for details.

    --extra-lsndir=DIRECTORY
        This option specifies the directory in which to save an extra copy
        of the "xtrabackup_checkpoints" file. The option accepts a string
        argument. It is passed directly to xtrabackup's --extra-lsndir
        option. See the xtrabackup documentation for details.

        ==item --force-non-empty-directories

        This option, when specified, makes --copy-back or --move-back
        transfer files to non-empty directories. Note that no existing files
        will be overwritten. If --copy-back or --nove-back has to copy a
        file from the backup directory which already exists in the
        destination directory, it will still fail with an error.

    --galera-info
        This options creates the xtrabackup_galera_info file which contains
        the local node state at the time of the backup. Option should be
        used when performing the backup of Percona-XtraDB-Cluster.

    --help
        This option displays a help screen and exits.

    --history=NAME
        This option enables the tracking of backup history in the
        PERCONA_SCHEMA.xtrabackup_history table. An optional history series
        name may be specified that will be placed with the history record
        for the current backup being taken.

    --host=HOST
        This option specifies the host to use when connecting to the
        database server with TCP/IP. The option accepts a string argument.
        It is passed to the mysql child process without alteration. See
        mysql --help for details.


    --ibbackup=IBBACKUP-BINARY
        This option specifies which xtrabackup binary should be used. The
        option accepts a string argument. IBBACKUP-BINARY should be the
        command used to run XtraBackup. The option can be useful if the
        xtrabackup binary is not in your search path or working directory.
        If this option is not specified, innobackupex attempts to determine
        the binary to use automatically. By default, "xtrabackup" is the
        command used. However, when option --copy-back is specified,
        "xtrabackup_51" is the command used. And when option --apply-log is
        specified, the binary is used whose name is in the file
        "xtrabackup_binary" in the backup directory, if that file exists.

    --include=REGEXP
        This option is a regular expression to be matched against table
        names in databasename.tablename format. It is passed directly to
        xtrabackup's --tables option. See the xtrabackup documentation for
        details.


   --incremental
        This option tells xtrabackup to create an incremental backup, rather
        than a full one. It is passed to the xtrabackup child process. When
        this option is specified, either --incremental-lsn or
        --incremental-basedir can also be given. If neither option is given,
        option --incremental-basedir is passed to xtrabackup by default, set
        to the first timestamped backup directory in the backup base
        directory.

    --incremental-basedir=DIRECTORY
        This option specifies the directory containing the full backup that
        is the base dataset for the incremental backup. The option accepts a
        string argument. It is used with the --incremental option.

    --incremental-dir=DIRECTORY
        This option specifies the directory where the incremental backup
        will be combined with the full backup to make a new full backup. The
        option accepts a string argument. It is used with the --incremental
        option.


   --incremental-history-name=NAME
        This option specifies the name of the backup series stored in the
        PERCONA_SCHEMA.xtrabackup_history history record to base an
        incremental backup on. Xtrabackup will search the history table
        looking for the most recent (highest innodb_to_lsn), successful
        backup in the series and take the to_lsn value to use as the
        starting lsn for the incremental backup. This will be mutually
        exclusive with --incremental-history-uuid, --incremental-basedir and
        --incremental-lsn. If no valid lsn can be found (no series by that
        name, no successful backups by that name) xtrabackup will return
        with an error. It is used with the --incremental option.

    --incremental-history-uuid=UUID
        This option specifies the UUID of the specific history record stored
        in the PERCONA_SCHEMA.xtrabackup_history to base an incremental
        backup on. --incremental-history-name, --incremental-basedir and
        --incremental-lsn. If no valid lsn can be found (no success record
        with that uuid) xtrabackup will return with an error. It is used
        with the --incremental option.

    --incremental-force-scan
        This options tells xtrabackup to perform full scan of data files for
        taking an incremental backup even if full changed page bitmap data
        is available to enable the backup without the full scan.

    --log-copy-interval
        This option specifies time interval between checks done by log
        copying thread in milliseconds.

    --incremental-lsn
        This option specifies the log sequence number (LSN) to use for the
        incremental backup. The option accepts a string argument. It is used
        with the --incremental option. It is used instead of specifying
        --incremental-basedir. For databases created by MySQL and Percona
        Server 5.0-series versions, specify the LSN as two 32-bit integers
        in high:low format. For databases created in 5.1 and later, specify
        the LSN as a single 64-bit integer.

    --kill-long-queries-timeout=SECONDS
        This option specifies the number of seconds innobackupex waits
        between starting FLUSH TABLES WITH READ LOCK and killing those
        queries that block it. Default is 0 seconds, which means
        innobackupex will not attempt to kill any queries.

    --kill-long-query-type=all|update
        This option specifies which types of queries should be killed to
        unblock the global lock. Default is "all".

    --lock-wait-timeout=SECONDS
        This option specifies time in seconds that innobackupex should wait
        for queries that would block FTWRL before running it. If there are
        still such queries when the timeout expires, innobackupex terminates
        with an error. Default is 0, in which case innobackupex does not
        wait for queries to complete and starts FTWRL immediately.

    --lock-wait-threshold=SECONDS
        This option specifies the query run time threshold which is used by
        innobackupex to detect long-running queries with a non-zero value of
        --lock-wait-timeout. FTWRL is not started until such long-running
        queries exist. This option has no effect if --lock-wait-timeout is
        0. Default value is 60 seconds.

    --lock-wait-query-type=all|update
        This option specifies which types of queries are allowed to complete
        before innobackupex will issue the global lock. Default is all.

    --move-back
        Move all the files in a previously made backup from the backup
        directory to the actual datadir location. Use with caution, as it
        removes backup files.


    --no-lock
        Use this option to disable table lock with "FLUSH TABLES WITH READ
        LOCK". Use it only if ALL your tables are InnoDB and you DO NOT CARE
        about the binary log position of the backup. This option shouldn't
        be used if there are any DDL statements being executed or if any
        updates are happening on non-InnoDB tables (this includes the system
        MyISAM tables in the mysql database), otherwise it could lead to an
        inconsistent backup. If you are considering to use --no-lock because
        your backups are failing to acquire the lock, this could be because
        of incoming replication events preventing the lock from succeeding.
        Please try using --safe-slave-backup to momentarily stop the
        replication slave thread, this may help the backup to succeed and
        you then don't need to resort to using this option.

    --no-timestamp
        This option prevents creation of a time-stamped subdirectory of the
        BACKUP-ROOT-DIR given on the command line. When it is specified, the
        backup is done in BACKUP-ROOT-DIR instead.

